feat(portal): Entra and Okta DCR rotation (#4752)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/dev-portal/okta-dcr.md

    q: How do I automatically create and manage Dev Portal applications in Okta?
    a: |
      You can use Dynamic Client Registration to automatically create Dev Portal applications in Okta. First, create scopes and claims in Okta and copy your Issuer URL. Then, create a new DCR provider in your Dev Portal settings and create a new auth strategy for DCR.
faqs:
  - q: Can developers rotate their Okta DCR credentials?

>     a: Yes, developers can have multiple Okta DCR credentials. See [Managing credentials](/dev-portal/dynamic-client-registration/#managing-credentials) for more information about how to rotate and revoke credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a: Yes, developers can create multiple Okta DCR credentials and revoke old ones as needed. See [Managing credentials](/dev-portal/dynamic-client-registration/#managing-credentials) for more information.
```
